Add reviewer guidelines for main providers (infra) (#2091)
canonical/checkbox: providers/README.md

In the interest of uniformity, we try to limit the APIs that we use.
Additionally, there are several recurrent issues that we would like to start
catching before landing tests.

- Don't use `os.path`, use `pathlib` instead.
- Don't use `%` formatting, use `.format` instead.
- Don't use `os` process management (`system`, `popen` etc.), use `subprocess`.
- Don't use fixed `time.sleep` beside for polling.
- Don't destroy command output if possible.
- Don't wrap `subprocess` calls in your `run_command` function.
- Don't customize `argparse.ArgumentParser` needlessly.
- Don't use regexes.
- Don't disable/ignore linting rules.
- Don't write anything other than `main()` under `if __name__ == "__main__":`
- Don't import other `bin/` scripts. Move code to `checkbox-support` instead.
- Always look if a common utility function is provided by `checkbox-support`
- Always use `argparse` to parse arguments.
- Always print a command output that doesn't match the form you expect.
- Always favour `subprocess.check_...` functions when launching a command.
- Always favour parsing `json` output rather than free text.
- Always `slugify` free form text in resources (or at least, always remove
newlines)

> - Always use context managers when doing an action to be undone before exit.

Author: Didn't see your comment on time. Good one, I've added as you suggested in the chat.

# Main Checkbox providers reviewer guidance

In the interest of making the code uniform and maintainable for at least the
Extended Maintenance Period (ESM) that the tests in the main providers usually
outlive, the following describes the code style we follow. There are examples
of deviation from this style in the main providers, but they either have a
motivation or are candidates for refactoring.

This document is not a replacement for automated linting, it is a supplement.

> You can violate the following rules but when you do so we expect a strong
> motivation to be expressed either in the PR or in comments in the code itself.

Reviewer: Try to refrain from using "we", as it's not clear who is "we" and it sets a kind of separation (you Vs. we)

```suggestion
The following rules are not set in stone, but if you want to bypass them,
you need to provide a clear rationale in the PR or in the comments of the
code itself.
```

# Dependencies

> Dependencies are very painful to manage in Checkbox because we support every
> Ubuntu version still under ESM. Avoid using dependencies at all costs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dependencies are very painful to manage in Checkbox because every Ubuntu
version still under ESM must be supported. Avoid using dependencies at
all costs.
```
